Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
No!
♪ This is so tiring ♪
♪ I'm singing to stay awake ♪
♪ Bom, bom, bom ♪
♪ 32 hours ♪
♪ Nonstop with ♪
♪ 10 piss breaks ♪
Mr. Rodick, hey.
It's Dawn from Nate's Haul-n-Go.
Just keeping you in the loop.
I'm gonna pull over for a bit.
Making great time, blew
through the Midwest.
I won't let myself fall behind.
Okay.
Just give me a call back
if you have any questions,
and thanks for choosing Nate's.
Shit!
Shit.
Can you hear me?!
Oh, you gotta be shitting me.
I'm coming over! Okay?!
I need water.
Yeah, of course.
I need to call the
police.
I'm sorry, I gotta take this.
- One second.
- Can I please...
Nate's Haul-n-Go. Dawn
speaking.
Yes, hi, how's it going?
You got my voicemail?
Yeah, everything's fine.
Yeah, GPS says we're all good
time-wise.
Yeah, it's perfectly safe here.
I can barely keep my eyes open.
Can you hurry it up, please?
What?
Yeah.
Sorry, there's actually
a young woman here.
She's all worked up.
She's just asking for help.
- I know.
- Can I just use your phone?
One second! Jesus!
Of course.
Yeah, I got off at Chocohan.
Chocohan.
I forget the exit, but it's
a state park around there.
I'm trying to remember.
It was about, I wanna say 10
miles...
Hey! What the hell?!
Are you kidding me?
What the hell is that?
Put that thing away.
God damn it.
We have to get out of here,
now.
Hey!
Slow down.
I'm not going anywhere
unless it involves a bed.
I have to get to the
police. Someone's after me.
Please, I really need your help.
Could you take me to the
nearest police station, please?
Look, I'm beyond exhausted.
It's working.
Hello?
Let me try.
All right, you're
starting to freak me out.
What's going on?
I was locked in a trunk.
He'll be looking for me.
What?
Please, let's go.
Oh, my god.
Are you all right?
Okay.
Okay, I saw a sign for a town,
like, 10 miles west of here.
They'll have a police
station or something.
I guess we can head east too.
There might be a closer town
that way.
Okay. Thank you.
- What's happening?
- Shit.
Whoa! Whoa!
Hey!
This isn't a rental, okay?!
This is my livelihood.
This is my business.
I'll get you to the police
station,
but you need to treat me
and, more importantly,
my truck with respect.
You got that?
That's my emergency backpack.
I know I didn't put them in
there.
Yeah, great.
Finish it.
Always with these damn keys.
What does that mean?
I always find them.
Sometimes, it takes days.
I'm kidding.
We'll find them.
Let me check outside.
You wanna help?
You can throw on those boots.
I'll be right back.
Not seeing them.
Shit, what are you doing down
there?
Just get low.
Yeah, I'd be asking for a
cramp.
Where are the keys?
I just told you, I didn't find
them.
Did you see anyone out there?
We're in the middle of
nowhere.
We gotta stay outta sight
until I figure it out.
You really think someone's
after you?
There's no doubt.
Well, no one would ever be
able to find you out here.
You have no fucking clue.
I don't know what to do.
What do we do?
- Just get down.
- Listen, I can't get down.
I was kidnapped June 3rd.
My name is Phoebe Beenum.
I was been held prisoner for
four months
in a psycho's basement.
Holy shit.
I just need to stay hidden
until I can get some help.
Please, get down.
There's not enough
room for me down there.
I'm telling you to get down.
Get out.
Open it.
Let's go. Hurry.
Get in.
What?
I said, get in.
Where are the keys?
I don't know.
Get the hell off of me.
I need the keys.
They have to be in the cab
somewhere.
I took a phone call, walked
around the truck a bit,
but they are definitely not back
here.
Don't move.
Hey!
Shut up.
Get back here!
Are you kidding me?!
Open this door!
Shut up!
You are pissing me off!
Shut up or I'll smash your
windows!
What are you doing?
Get outta here.
If I can't leave, I need to
hide.
Well, go hide in the
woods.
Leave me alone.
Please. He could be out there.
Plus, it's fucking cold.
Please. Please.
Please.
The bat.
Give me the bat.
Hey!
Hey! Hey!
What the hell?!
Be cool, huh?
Don't do anything stupid.
Sit.
Great.
Now what?
Where are we?
Pretty sure we're in a state
park.
Where?
I don't know, somewhere in
upstate.
Upstate where?!
New York.
New York?!
Okay.
So we're in a park.
That means in the morning,
there'll people walking their
dogs
or jogging or something, right?
Yeah, I guess.
So we'll wait for help.
The keys are here, I'm telling
you.
These long hauls are killing my
brain.
We just gotta look harder.
Let me just get back
out there and find them.
Oh, so now you know where they
are?
No, but I know they are not
back here.
So, no, no, we're not going
out
in the open to look for them.
So we're just gonna
sit and wait in here,
when I could find the keys right
now
and get us the hell out of here?
Okay.
You mind filling me in on
what's actually going on?
Give me the lantern.
It's right there.
Ignore the expiration date.
Jerky never goes bad.
Emergency bag?
Those have come in handy
before.
Do you need anything else?
The clothes off my back perhaps?
Hey!
This isn't my shit.
What are you doing?
I'm looking for a tablet or
something
so I could call for help.
People don't pack that
kinda stuff on moving trucks.
You're wasting your time.
Are you gonna help me repack
those?
Do you have any hotdogs?
Maybe we can have a barbecue.
- Stop!
- Stop what?
Stop trying to be funny!
That bat won't stop me
if you put a single scratch on
my truck.
My husband put every cent
he had into this truck.
I'm not about to let
some stranger ruin it.
All right.
Yeah, nice try.
Not buying it.
I'm gonna have to ask
you to get off my truck.
Now.
You heard me. Out.
I'm sorry.
Too late for that shit.
I said, outta my truck.
You don't know what I've been
through.
I don't give a shit.
Were you actually kidnapped
or was this some elaborate plan
to rob me?
I swear, I was fucking
kidnapped.
I don't know where I am,
I don't know what to do,
I just need a place to hide.
Please.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Get up.
What's your name?
- Phoebe Beenum.
- Look at me.
What happened to you?
I was kidnapped.
When? Tell me the date again.
June 3rd.
And why should I
believe any of this shit
after the stunt you pulled?
I swear!
You want my help now?
Really?
Get the hell off of my truck.
Please. I can't go back.
Don't let that get infected.
Show me your cut.
Well, that's nothing.
I took a year of nursing school.
Just keep pressure on it.
Look, it seems like
you've been through a lot.
And I wanna be on your side.
But now you have to
tell me what's going on.
All right.
Okay.
When I was 17, my friend-
What was that?
Oh, my god.
It's the wind.
Relax.
It's nothing.
That wasn't the wind.
He's here.
It could be anybody.
He's here. I need to hide.
Okay. Hide.
Get outta here!
Hello?
Hey.
You wanna tell me what
the hell
you were doing on my truck?
What?
We thought we heard
someone locked in the back.
Yeah. Yeah, we were just
trying to help.
This truck is private
property.
We're just here to
drink a couple of beers,
look at the stars, you know?
Stargazing and breaking and
entering
are two completely different
things.
I almost hit you with my bat.
I was scared outta my mind.
Look, our bad. You know,
getting pretty late anyway.
Think we're just gonna head
outta here.
Yeah, what time is it anyway?
Late.
Oh, hey.
Can I use your cellphone?
Mine's all, it's all busted
up and I'm stranded here.
Yeah, sure.
Reception's usually pretty
spotty out here, but...
Shit.
You guys are saving my ass.
Thank you.
Yeah. Good service.
What's the number? I'll dial it
for you.
I just gotta call 9-1-1.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you calling the cops
for?
Oh, sorry, I guess I should
explain.
I'm just trying to get some
help.
Are you okay?
Long story.
I don't care what you're up to
this late
and I don't care what you
were doing on my truck.
I won't mention you to the
police.
I just need it for a minute.
Dude, looks like she really
needs it.
Come on, let's give it
to her for a minute.
All right.
Just make it quick, lady.
Ah, boys.
Thank you so much.
Just don't wander off too far.
Hey, you're
cool with that, right?
9-1-1. What's your
emergency?
Is anyone there?
Dude, what the fuck are you
doing?
She's carrying a fucking bat.
What? She seems harmless.
Look at her, she's just-
- What, when she's going like
this in our-
- Oh, come on.
What the fuck?!
Dude! Hey, I told
you not to go over there!
Hold on one second.
What did you...
Give that back to me.
I didn't make the call.
No way.
You do this?
Look, we didn't do shit, lady.
I told you not to go over here.
Oh, you boys are gonna pay to
fix this.
Jesus, you are in big fucking
trouble.
Fuck.
9-1-1. What's your
emergency?
Hi. Hi, so sorry about
that.
Yes...
I really need to use that
phone.
Yeah, thank you. Have a nice
night.
Look, you're definitely
not calling the cops now.
Guys, I'm willing to forget
about the spray paint, okay?
I really mean it.
I just need to make that one
call.
Should have thought
of that a minute ago.
Come on, we'll just
get outta here, you know?
Wait.
Are you really just not gonna
help me out?
I mean, I'm stuck here.
How about you guys call the cops
for me?
That's a compromise.
Lady, you're
out of your fucking mind.
Can you at least just
tell them my location?!
Right.
I need that cell!
What? You need what?
Huh?
What were you gonna do with
this?
Huh?!
Figures.
Back up, lady.
You hear me?
Back up.
Look, it's over.
You win, okay?
So leave and I'll forget we ever
met.
Oh, what, you don't wanna
call the cops anymore?
Yeah, I'd do anything
to make a quick call.
Hm.
Tyler, go grab the Mountain Dew.
Ooh.
Pour this on your head.
What?
Pour it on your head, and
you get to make your call.
You have an important phone
call to make, don't you?
Are you kidding?
Your loss.
Come on.
I need your help.
And I wanna help, okay?
It's so easy.
Fine.
Just give me it.
I do this, and I get to make
that call.
I have your word, right?
Oh, my god.
All right, give me the phone.
Oh, no. No way.
You're fucking gross and sticky
icky.
Guys, come on.
You gave me your word.
Hey, yo, Tyler, dude.
Don't you have a drug test
for that new job tomorrow?
Oh, shit.
Shit, you're right, dude.
Yeah. Fuck.
Yeah. Shit, what
are you gonna do, man?
I'm fucked.
What?
Lady, what's your name?
Doesn't fucking matter.
What's your fucking name?!
Dawn.
Oh, Dawn. It sounds
like an old lady name.
Fuck.
All right, well, listen, Dawn,
my buddy over here completely
forgot about his drug test,
and you do wanna see him get the
job...
It's my career we're talking
about here.
But, you know, he's
squeaky clean and all,
but it would be great, just
great, to have a backup.
I already poured the soda on
my head.
I know. I know.
I know. I know, it was great.
All you need to do is fill up
that bottle,
and you can make your call.
I promise.
Let's make it quick.
What, you can go into the woods.
I mean, we won't watch.
We're not pervs or anything.
Come on, dude. Speak for
yourself.
But, nah, no one wants to see
that shit.
Come on, guys.
I'm not asking, Dawn.
Don't run off, all right?
Got my eye on you.
Hurry up, Dawn!
Don't have all night!
Don't.
Aww.
A deal's a deal.
She fucking did it.
No. Whoa, whoa.
No. Gross.
You got it all over the sides
and shit.
That's fucking gnarly, dude.
What, you can't aim too well,
huh?
The phone, now.
And what do we get in return?
You're kidding me.
The piss!
We made a deal.
You know, I can't believe
you actually fucking did it.
You're a lunatic, you know that?
I don't understand
why you're doing this.
Why can't you just help us?
You're terrible.
Little shits!
Who's "us"?
I'm done with this.
What do you mean "us"?
Is there someone else here?
I told you, I'm done.
Dawn, come on.
You're telling me you
don't got some pretty girl
just lying around in the back?
If you're looking for Phoebe,
she left.
Oh, yeah?
Where did she go?
I mean, she's not in trouble or
anything,
but we just wanna talk.
Phoebe!
- She left!
- Woo-ooh!
- Anybody back there?!
- Please, just go away.
Huh?!
You're done with this when
I say you're done with this.
That's what little shits do,
don't they?
Get on your knees.
Fuck you.
Lie down.
Lie down!
Dude, don't do anything
stupid.
Just shut the fuck up, man.
Get back there.
You want us to go away, huh?
Beg, and we're gone.
- Zach.
- Just shut the fuck up!
Beg.
Help.
Get up.
Get up!
Get the bat, Tyler.
Well, Dawn, it's been fun.
Please stay in touch.
And we're gonna dip now.
Try following us though,
and it won't be good.
Bye.
You okay?
Those kids were a nightmare,
but they're gone now.
Kids?
Your age.
You're safe now.
How am I safe?
They won't be coming back.
I told them you left.
He's still out there.
He left.
That psychopath and his
friend went on their way.
I don't know who these kids
are, but that wasn't him.
What do you mean?
The guy who took me was your
age.
What?
Why didn't you tell me that?
I was an inch away from
having my brains splattered
across the side of my truck,
and you're telling me that
wasn't the guy who took you?
I begged!
I was on the fucking ground
begging in front of two
children trying to help you out.
I had no idea.
I'm sorry.
For what?
For what happened.
Oh, good.
So you're not sorry for hiding
in the dark
while I was doing everything
I could to keep you safe.
I thought it was him. I'm
sorry.
If you were sorry, you would
have,
I don't know, poked your head
out,
instead of just sitting in here!
I didn't know what was going
on.
I froze up.
Yeah, that seems to be your
go-to.
What are we doing?
There is no one coming for you.
All you're doing is destroying
my husband's business.
I'm just trying to survive.
I'm trying not to spend the rest
my life
rotting in someone's basement.
- I was taken-
- No one is coming for you!
Do you understand that?
Wanna know what needs to happen?
I need to sleep.
And you, you need real help.
Honestly, I'm sorry if your
story is true.
You do whatever you need to
do, but I'm going to bed.
Please, just give me a minute
and I'll explain everything.
All right, I'm all ears.
It was seven years ago.
I was a senior in high school,
and we were just trying
to have a good time.
You were so loud.
You're lucky we didn't get
caught.
I didn't think the door
was gonna be so creaky.
Watch and see how it's done.
Shotty. You're driving to
Josh's.
I thought we were walking.
- Walk?
- Hell no.
I'm gonna snag the keys.
My dad's not gonna care
'cause he won't find out.
Relax, I'll be right back.
Okay. Remember, it's the clear
one.
Yeah, I know what vodka looks
like.
Thanks.
Your dad's gonna flip
a shit if he wakes up.
If he wakes up, I'll just
tell him I wanted to sleep
in my own bed or something.
Phoebe, just chill, okay?
It just doesn't feel
like the smartest idea
to break the law in a judge's
house.
Relax, my Dad's cool.
Just kidding.
Okay, Whit, stop stalling.
We'll keep watch.
Good luck.
How's Project Absolut going?
The Eagle is making
its way back to the nest.
Houston, we are ready for
takeoff.
Text the fellas we are a go.
Oh, God damn it.
You okay there, Eagle?
Yeah.
Coming.
Whitney!
Hey, let me out!
Why are you doing this to me?
Help!
I was within my rights.
I had no choice.
It's not my fault.
No, no, no, no!
Hello?
I can't go back.
That's it.
Holy shit.
You poor thing.
What do you think we should
do?
I'm gonna go find those keys.
No.
Don't bring any attention to the
truck.
He's out there looking for me.
Well...
Fuck.
We should be safe as long
as we stay put, I guess.
What was that?
The floor's creaky.
Phoebe?
Phoebe.
So, Dawn of Nate's Haul-n-Go,
thanks.
Any decent human being
would have done the same.
So this is your company?
Yeah, my company.
That's pretty cool.
Well, my husband died.
What?
I wasn't supposed to be a
trucker.
This is my husband's business.
Nate loved this truck.
And when he died, I had to step
in to keep the money flowing
and, you know, take care of my
daughter.
You know?
It's just moving shit from place
to place.
Driving around alone.
I hate it.
Actually never said that out
loud before.
Oh, yeah, Nate loved this thing.
He would spend hours on end with
it.
I'd say to him, "Honey,
you're spending too much time
with that damn truck."
And now, look at me, spending
every waking hour with it.
You guys look happy.
Nice bracelet.
Thanks.
It was Whitney's, actually.
I like your belt.
Your parents must be a wreck.
Nah, my mom passed away when
I was still in high school
and I haven't spoken
to my father in years.
I don't think he's called
me since I moved out.
Where to?
Portland, Oregon.
You live in Portland?
Yeah, I grew up right outside
in a town called Beaverton.
Wow.
Small world.
I live an hour away
from there in Silverton.
Yeah, I met Nate in college
and followed him out there,
when I was just around your age.
Haven't left since.
Huh, that's wild.
Yeah.
Crazy.
You mind if I close my eyes
for a few?
You sure you're okay?
You're a badass, you know that?
Going through what you went
through
and then getting yourself here?
You're like a warrior
princess or something.
I'd
never wanna hold you back.
You have to keep living your
life.
Promise me.
This is the couch?
This is his couch?
Whose stuff are you moving?
His name's Cass Rodick.
What's happening?
- Oh, God damn it.
- Are you shitting me?
I gotta get outta here.
Hey, hey, hey.
Deep breaths, okay? We're okay.
I gotta go.
No, whoa, whoa.
We're still a needle in a
haystack.
Who were you on the phone with
before?
What?
When I first found you, who
were you on the phone with?
I was talking to him.
Mr. Rodick?
Yeah.
You told him where we are.
You said the state park.
You have to get outta here.
What are you doing?
I don't know, but you
should take something
to defend yourself.
You've gotta come with me.
No, no, I should stay
with the truck, right?
And that way, if he comes
looking for you,
I can steer him in the wrong
direction.
No, we gotta stick together.
You don't know what he's capable
of.
Come on, we can go through the
woods.
No. No, you leave.
I'm gonna find those keys.
Yes.
If we just keep running,
we'll run into someone
eventually, right?
No, you know what, if I find
them,
I'll haul ass and I will find
help.
Are you listening to me?!
You can't be here!
I told him there was a
girl here asking for help.
If he comes, I'll tell
him we called for help,
and that the police came
and picked you up and took you
away.
He'll know something's up.
I'd rather die than go back
there.
No! No, he won't!
He won't know shit!
Fine.
Yeah, all right. Okay.
- So-
- Fuck.
You good? You got this?
- I think so.
- Okay, you just stay low
and you keep moving.
Okay?
You got this.
Listen.
You gotta be fucking
kidding me.
Shh.
He's here.
I'll distract him.
I will leave the gate open.
The second you think
you can, you run for it.
Mr. Rodick?
Hey, Dawn.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I wasn't expecting you.
Oh, I was just checking
in on you and my stuff.
Tried calling you half a dozen
times,
but you seem like you were in
such a panic
and then you just hung up.
Oh, that.
Look, you remember that
girl I told you about
who was asking for help?
She tried to use my
phone and she broke it.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
She okay?
I mean, didn't get much info
from her.
She was here and then got
picked up by the police.
Oh, wow, cops.
That's great.
How did they find you?
What?
I thought you said your phone
broke?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Well, she called right before
I was on the phone with you.
Huh.
Okay.
What's with the bat?
Sorry, it's late.
And you had me nervous.
Ow, when did this happen?
Happened when I was sleeping.
Do you wanna hit the road?
If we leave now, we'll be right
on time.
Oh, why's the truck left wide
open?
It's a mess back here.
I went over a pothole and I
heard some things fall over.
I tried to clean up a bit,
but I guess I didn't do such a
great job.
Of course, I'll discount the
invoice
once we finish the trip.
Oh, well.
If you don't mind finishing up
now,
I'll grab some tape from
my car and we'll head out.
So how I can help?
Oh, no worries.
This is what you pay me for.
I'll let you know when I'm
ready to get back on the road.
Oh, don't be silly.
I'm happy to help.
I guess maybe if you don't
mind picking this stuff up?
Sure thing. No problem.
Anything else?
Yeah, can I get that tape?
She still here?
You don't have to be
involved in any of this.
Just tell me where she is.
Come on, Dawn.
She deserves what's coming to
her.
I don't know what you're
talking about.
All I want is justice.
You can understand that.
My family paid the price for
what she did.
Why shouldn't she suffer too?
I'm not sure what happened
to your family, but I'm sorry.
I'll ask you one more time.
Where is-
Dawn.
Dawn, are you okay?
Come on.
Fuck!
Dawn!
It's over!
Come on out!
This has nothing to do with you!
Dawn, where are you?!
I just wanna talk!
Let's figure this out like
adults!
Don't wanna fight!
Let me explain!
Phoebe is gone!
She ran off!
It's just the two of us!
Come on, Dawn!
I have no problem with you!
Dawn?!
Don't believe a
word Phoebe said!
Come on, Dawn!
Come out!
Don't be a fucking bitch!
You're starting to piss me off!
Is that what you fucking want?!
That gun isn't loaded.
I found your bullets.
I had to bury my only
daughter.
It was all your fault.
How do you live with the guilt?
Huh?!
Just pretend like it didn't
happen?!
You did this.
No, I didn't.
Then whose fault is it?
Why didn't you say something,
that night,
when you saw me pointing
a gun at my daughter?
It all happened so fast.
My family doesn't exist
anymore.
My job doesn't exist anymore.
I...
Why do you get to move on so
quickly?
What about me?!
It's taken me seven years
to finally restart my life.
Just give me your phone,
and we can both move on.
Shoot me.
Just end it now.
Do it.
Do it!
You lied.
You're a liar.
Don't move.
Hey!
Let me out! Let me out!
No!
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull